docs: document how to generate environment variables reference locally (#1235)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Core: .docs/content/0.installation/0.index.md

More about tests, see [Tests in ArmoniK.Core](./2.tests.md).

## Environment Variables Reference

All configurable environment variables are documented and published at [armonikcore.readthedocs.io](https://armonikcore.readthedocs.io) in the **Environment Variables** section. The documentation is auto-generated from the source code using [ArmoniK.Utils.DocExtractor](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Utils).

To generate the reference locally, run:

```shell

> dotnet tool install -g ArmoniK.Utils.DocExtractor --version 0.7.3

Reviewer: remove the `--version` option so it implitly picks the last stable one

cd .docs/content/envars/
armonik.utils.docextractor -s ../../ArmoniK.Core.sln
```

> The generated files will appear in `.docs/content/envars/`. You can also cross-reference the environment variables scattered in the concept pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated files will appear in `.docs/content/envars/`. You can also cross-reference the environment variables documented inline in the concept pages:
```

More about tests, see [Tests in ArmoniK.Core](./2.tests.md).

## Environment Variables Reference

> All configurable environment variables are documented and published at [armonikcore.readthedocs.io](https://armonikcore.readthedocs.io) in the **Environment Variables** section. The documentation is auto-generated from the source code using [ArmoniK.Utils.DocExtractor](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Utils).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All configurable environment variables are documented and published at [armonikcore.readthedocs.io](https://armonikcore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/content/envars/ArmoniK.Core.EnvVars.html) in the **Environment Variables** section. The documentation is auto-generated from the source code using [ArmoniK.Utils.DocExtractor](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Utils).
```
